Brother Xiaoyu, don't hesitate any longer
That woman doesn't deserve what you're doing for him at all
Have you forgotten
Did he run away from you and Sister Yang?
Look, it's not divorced yet.
I hooked up with another man
And it gets worse.
What about Xu Zeyu?
Are you going to drive him away too?
Anton, you are actually very cold-blooded
What qualifications do you have to say to me?
The moment Xu Zeyu betrayed me
His life has nothing to do with me anymore
Then why don't you divorce him?
Because it still has a little bit of value.
But he doesn't have it now.
I have an overflowing festival now.
I forgot to tell you
Sister Yang Yi is rich, considerate, gentle and handsome
Only you protect Xu Zeyun like a baby
you
Brother Xiaoyu, he has treated you like this
Aren't you going to divorce him yet?
An Tong only loves himself
Only I am wholeheartedly devoted to you
And I can also help you shut down in the company
Xu Zeyu, are you brave now?
Not coming home so late
I stopped calling you
leave